You come to the base of the mountain and learn of the peril you're about to experience.
You notice a river circling the base of the mountain the liquid so filthy you can't tell if it's even water anymore.
The elder's voice echoing through your head "884 million people have to drink water this dirty or worse!"

There seems to be no easy way up the mountain, you begin to climb with caution....

After climbing for what seems like hours you stumble upon a small cave entrance.
Going in here could make it easier to get up the mountain! 
Do you go in?(Karma Neutral)

if yes:

It's a tight squeeze, but you manage to get into the cave.
There seems to light further into the cave.
After traversing the cave, you emerge on the top of the mountain.
There you notice a wall of thick fog is surrounding the mountain, blocking any view.

if no:

You decide to not waste time but rather continue your journey up the steep terrain.
After a treacherous journey up the mountain you reach what has to be the peak.
Looking behind you, the view of the desert you expected is instead blocked by a wall of immense fog.

Where they join:
The air is heavy, each breath a challenge.
You look around the peak of the mountain and notice a pool of water.
The water is extremely dirty except the far side, which a small stone is resting atop a boulder.
A circle of clean water surrounds the stone.

This has to be the ancient stone the elders mentioned!

Do you run in and grab it, or walk around the edge of the mountain's peak to grab it carefully?(Karma Neutral)

if walk through water:

Walking through the water, unsure of how deep it is you are quickly up to your waist in water.
You grab the stone and notice the water become completely dirty as soon as you remove it.
Then the water starts to heat up, so you quickly get out.

if walking around the mountain:

You carefully walk around the water on the edge of the mountain, consciously traversing the rocks.
Finally, you reach the stone.
You take it off the boulder and go back to the entrance to the pools.

JOIN HERE:

You look at the water and see it slowly start to bubble!
The water, now scalding, starts to crack the weak earth beneath it, shaking the ground.
Through the crack you see a bright red light, it's magma! The mountain is a Volcano!
The volcano has been awoken by taking the stone!

In panic you hurry back to the path down the mountain, only to see that down the entire volcano, lava is pouring onto the path
Looking desperately for another path, you look behind you only to be plagued by the lava level rising, cascading toward you!
Do you try to go down the path or go on a higher rock?

path:

Choosing to get off the volcano as quick as possible, you begin to traverse the path.

higher rock:

You decide to get away from the lava no matter the cost!
You climb a nearby rock and get above the lava's level, but the level is rising!
You see an opening in the lava's path of destruction and decide to go down!

JOIN HERE:

Going down the volcano you see a bird's wing trapped under a rock trying to fly away
Do you help the pinned bird and risk your journey, or do you consider countless people depending on you and flee?(help = +5 Karma, not help = -5 Karma)

HELP:

You struggle to get to the bird but manage to free it from the rock, letting it fly away.
On the other side of where the bird was stuck is an open path leading to the bottom.
You take the easy path and race down the volcano being chased by an avalanche of lava.

No help:

You can't stop! Lava is right behind you and there's no risking it now!
The journey is nearly impossible, dodging every falling rock while being chased by the endless cascade of lava.

JOIN HERE:

Finally reaching the bottom, you get as far away from the volcano as possible!
When finally safe from the barrage of flaming boulders, you prepare to embark on the journey to the cave unable to spend any time resting.
You pull out the tattered map given to you by the elders.
Faintly, you see the location of the cave past a river nearby painted with a barely visible ink.

Heading toward the river you see another village near the water.
Going through the village, you notice the damage done by the lack of clean water.

Finally, a old bridge approaches that extends to the other side of the river. 
As you cross, every step sends chills down your spine, terrified of the thought of falling in. 
You think to yourself 'In the very near future, billions of people could be forced to drink this. I have to do this.'

The cave is not far now.
You see it come into view but the cave looks ominous.

You approach the cave with caution. Once inside however, you feel a calm wave cascade over your body.
You follow a narrow path for what seems like miles, rocks project at you from every direction.

Reaching the end, your vision encapsulates a boulder with a hole the perfect size for the rock!
A waterfall showers the boulder and runs down into a dark pool standing between you and the boulder.
Seeking the fastest route, you jump into the pool and begin to wade through the enormously deep pool in front of you.

Walking into the water you feel the water becoming thicker.
Looking down you see the water becoming more polluted with every second.
You try to hurry to the boulder, but before you're able to reach it a large sludge covered monster rises from the water.
You attempt to back out of the water as the monster lets out a booming roar.
You manage drag yourself out and hide behind a large rock nearby.

There, you realize the monster could only be one thing: Pollutoron!
You know you have to get the rock in the boulder to stop him, it's the only way!
You peak around cover you now notice that there's three paths:
A ramp that goes above his head so you could jump on the boulder from above
A covered path that you could go around the monster and try and sneak the stone into the hole
Or you could charge through and run past him, the fastest but riskiest way!

Ramp:

You run above the monster and jump down while Pollutoron struggles to turn toward you.
Landing right in front of the boulder you place the stone into the boulder.

Covered:

Running along the covered path you dodge balls of slime hurled at you from Pollutoron.
Emerging at a secret entrance right next to the boulder you quickly put the stone into the boulder.

Charge:

Charging straight for the boulder you almost dodge Pollutoron, however he catches you.
Pollutoron hurls you, sending you flying onto the top ramp, he tries to follow you, but this leaves an opening.
You manage to jump down above Pollutoron and make a dash for the boulder, placing it inside.

JOIN:

The stone emits a light!
As the water around the boulder becomes cleaner with every passing second.
Pollutoron slowly decaying letting out screams of anguish toward you!

Good:

You have just made all water on earth drinkable! Potentially saving 884 Million lives!

Bad:

Despite you valiant efforts, the water slowly became dirty over time again due to your impure actions. Try again to attempt at having a different ending!

JOIN:

Sadly, this issue is real, but the solution is not. 
Helping the people suffering from this globally reaching issue is not as simple as putting a magic stone into a boulder.
But that does not mean that all hope is lost! 
There are a variety of organizations listed below that are dedicated to helping solve this problem that could use your help!

http://www.thesilverlining.com/safety
https://www.sjwater.com/blog/how-sjw-uses-cutting-edge-water-loss-prevention-tech
https://www.doh.wa.gov/CommunityandEnvironment/DrinkingWater/WaterSystemDesignandPlanning/WaterUseEfficiency/ControllingWaterLoss

Every dollar spent on safe water production generates eight dollars from not needing healthcare to treat the water illnesses.
Your decisions here may only affect your character's quest, 
but your decisions in reality may mean the world to one of the billions of people needing clean water.