This program is designed to raise awareness
for water deprivation in the form of a game.

Getting to the end will prove your knowledge
of this globally spread issue.

-----------------------------------------------------------

You are an explorer going on an adventure
in the lost lands of the Savanna Desert.
But the plane you were flying over the desert was shot down...

You are now stranded in the middle of the desert...

-----------------------------------------------------------

After crawling out of the crumbling plane wreckage
you cough and look for a drink of water.
Running out of time due to dehydration, do you check
the plane wreckage for supplies or move toward the smoke in the distance?
1 = Search Plane, 2 = Go Toward Smoke

(1)
You manage to squeeze into the plane to search for supplies.
You finally notice a first aid kit and manage to pry it open
revealing only a few bandages and some gauze.
When you try to reach for the supplies a metal bar crashes in front of you
blocking your path to the supplies.
You quickly escape the plane and collapse in the sand outside...
(end 1)
(2)
Traversing into the barren landscape, you seem to walk endlessly.
Your vision fades as the smoke seems to be traveling even further away.
You collapse from dehydration...
(end 2)

You slowly awaken to the view of straw above your head.
You roll your head to the side to reveal what seems to be a way out of the hut.

You get out of your straw bed and look down seeing marks all over your body.
After leaving the hut you emerge to find a large group of people gathered.
From the crowd emerges an elder character covered with marks matching yours.

The elder says a chant and everyone in the crowd cheers.
He approaches you and tells you, 'I am so honored to meet you!'

Do you return the Gesture or ask where you are?
1 = Say you're honored, 2 = Where am I?

(1)
They reply 'Yes, we have much to discuss, follow...'
(end 1)
(2)
They reply 'All in good time, we have much to discuss, follow...'
(end 2)

The elder leads you through a small village surrounded by barren wasteland.
When you notice they enter a tent covered in the same markings as on your body and the elder's.
Do you enter the tent or make a run for it?

(1)
You slowly walk toward the tent...
(end 1)
(2)
You are too tired to run, you decide to enter the tent...
(end 2)

You enter the tent to reveal a group of elders sitting in a circle all covered in similar marks.
You are gestured to the center of the room where the elders give you a look of concern.
Do you ask about their concern or stay quiet?
1 = Ask, 2 = Stay Quiet

(1)
You ask about their concerned faces, answered only with silence...
(end1)
(2)
You stay quiet, as their concerned faces unfleeting.
(end 2)

Finally one of the elders speaks up,
'Water is running short in our village, we are convinced that you are the chosen one.'
Another elder stands and starts to speak,
'884 million people are without clean water!'
Another elder quickly mumbles, 'That's more than 11% of the world's population.'

'Every minute a child dies of water related illness,' continued the elder,
'840,000 people die each year from water related disease, all of these could be prevented!'
'You have the power to stop this!' adds another elder.
'Yes! the prophecy!' chimes another.
'Long ago, before water pollution and drought, there was an ancient stone that rested in a cave'
'The stone kept all water on earth clean! Then an evil being known as Pollutoron took the rock from its resting place'
'You must climb Mt. Pollution to get the rock back and return it to the cave!'

Are you the chosen one?
1 = YES!, 2 = Maybe?, 3 = NO!

(1)
You stand up, and with nothing in your way you traverse to Mt. Pollution!
(end 1)
(2)
Scared for the journey ahead, you look around, but the affirmative looks of all the elders convinces you!
You leave the tent confident in your ability to traverse Mt. Pollution
(end 2)
(3)
You think that there's no way to do this! Thinking it an impossible task, you decide to give up.
But then you remember how these people saved your life and decide to continue on!
(end 3)
